Enna's-Journal,-October-9th.md, before:

October 9th, 2015

Telsa says she can revivify one person. We tell her to save the dragonborn, who has the bigger family to take care of.
Enna really wants to save the dwarf.
Rodrick Firemaw (the dragonborne that was dead a second ago) is healed by Praetus and is disoriented.  We try to question him.
We deduce that the mouthers were brought from another plane, by Rodrick's description.
Oz goes to where the guards are.
Pratues gives the dwarve his last rights.
Enna goes to inform the family of the dwarf.
Oz finds the barracks are empty. Nighttime and such. Oz goes to the tavern. He's looking for other worldly presences. He dropkicks the door and alarms the townsfolk (we're playing drunk). They are scared to say the least. Oz is standing watch at the tavern until 12. Enna is sad Jim the wizard is not here. Enna is asking Telsa... we got derailed.

I'm good at typing. This is now christ.
 
We bring Citrine Moltencore to the temple and then seek out Thor. Enna pursuadeded thor to stand watch with us. 

Turns out there is a lodestone within 1 mile of where the mouthers were. Is it Kalt? Where is it? 

Anna has a hickey.

Watch with thor. Praetus goes to see if he can 'see' Hakour from the temple. Walks north east for 10 minutes. Finds nothing

NEXT DAY!

Commit message:

Content updated (Enna's-Journal,-October-9th)

Enna's-Journal,-October-9th.md, after:

Telsa says she can revivify one person. We tell her to save the dragonborn, who has the bigger family to take care of.

I really wants to save the dwarf... but I know there is nothing more we can do to save him... death is such a harsh reality. 

Rodrick Firemaw (the dragonborne that was dead a second ago) is healed by Praetus and is disoriented.  We try to question him.

We deduce that the mouthers were brought from another plane, by Rodrick's description.

Oz goes to where the guards are.
Pratues gives the dwarve his last rights.
I go to inform the family of the dwarf.

Oz finds the barracks are empty. Nighttime and such. Oz goes to the tavern. He's looking for other worldly presences. He dropkicks the door and alarms the townsfolk (we're playing drunk). They are scared to say the least. Oz is standing watch at the tavern until 12. Enna is sad Jim the wizard is not here. Enna is asking Telsa... something... 

*We got derailed. And by derailed I mean fucking drunk.*

**I'm good at typing. This is now christ. <--Chris**
 
We bring Citrine Moltencore to the temple and then seek out Thor. Enna pursuadeded Thor to stand watch with us. 

Turns out there is a lodestone within 1 mile of where the mouthers were. Is it Kalt? Where is it? 

**Anna has a hickey.**

Watch with Thor. Praetus goes to see if he can 'see' Hacor from the temple. Walks north east for 10 minutes. Finds nothing.

NEXT DAY!
