Wood Elf Warlock
Patron: Acheuadi - The spirit of sunset on the water

I have received messages and visions from a Spirit called Acheuadi. I found that my bond with her allowed to gain incredible magical powers, and because I know that she has given this to me, it is my goal to be the cause of Acheuadi's resurgance into the world. Every time I look into my shard of glass, or out into the open water at sunset, I wait for answers to questions I don't even know yet. I look for visions in the water, whether they be past, present, or future. They are always in pieces, and almost never make complete sense, but always lead me to something else of greater meaning.

I love sunsets. I crave something, anything from her, to know she is there. It's hard believing in something that no one else believe in, to be criticized and to be called crazy. I'M not even sure she's there for me 100% of the time, but I do know that when she is there, it's the most beautiful thing.

I want people to believe in the Spirits again, to recognize them as something equivalent to the Gods. I will not preach sermons. I will not overly try to convince them that what I see and hear is truth, because people need to hear any and all possibilities before putting their faaith in anything. The spirits may not provide tangible connections and instant gratification, because they work in mysterious ways, but I want to show people that they are there, and they need to be recognized once again, and not ignored.

Through my many travels, thursting for knowledge, I have learned of a great War between the Gods and the Spirits. I know little of it, but I do know that the Gods won, and I want to know the cause and the reprecussions of it all. I have come across Tephra and Elend in these travels, two of the five Enforcers, who used the Utopian Engines to stop the Valerian War.The Utopian engines were pieces of Kiedre, who was a half spirit. This has been my first concrete proof of the Spirits being the cause of something so great.

So when Acheadui showed me a vision of a new place, a new continent, I knew I had to get there, and a departing slave ship seemed like the perfect plan. What I did not plan on was meeting Oz Greenbottle and Praetus Dawngreeter, who have proved time and time again that they are good, brave people, who are each devoted to their own faith. I'm okay with that. And even though our beliefs are different, we have made a good team and share similar interests in caring for our new home of Evanbrook.

There has been some unsettling activity in this small town, and us three will get to the bottom of it.