After distructing Hakour for some time through his various actions (charming me, not being present during attacks on the town, etc) and finally hearing his name from the treeants as being the one to recruit them to attack the town and drive the people of Evenbrook out, we decide it's now time to take action.

While Keyleth follows him one afternoon, she finds that Hakour has been threatening dryads with a dragon. We call a meeting and intend to trap Hakour there with the rest of the clergy. He escapes and we fight through his lair to find him with a green dragon, Parinath. Parinath sais Hakour has screwed up and that the town and he will suffer for it. We bring Hakour down, and upon awaking from unconciousness, is broken and terrified at what he has done. Hakour knew Parinath as a wyrmling and raised him, but about 20 years, Parinath snapped and Hakour is been fufilling his wishes to drive the people of Evenbrook out of town, but we still do not full understand why. We question if he was fully aware of his actions, and bring him back into town. He will remain in a jail cell in the temple until we can reach a verdict on what should be done with him.

The next morning, we make the town's people aware during the clergy's surmons, and decide to divulge everything on Zari Day, the day after.

I sent to Tefydarian if he knows anything about the crazed dragon Parinath, and he confesses that he does not know of Parinath, but does know that in recent years, there has been an insanity associated with the chromatic dragons. We ask to see him to talk about this more, and he begrudgingly agrees.