One of the most enduring legends of the Age of Nihilism is that of King Morteus, who is widely regarded as the predecessor of the heroes and warriors of the Age of Kings who amassed their empires against the clustering darkness. When the least likely accounts are stripped away, what remains is a still-fantastic account of a man who set out to unify what is now Northern Bacrum under a single banner. He brought together a force of heroes, demigods, and surviving spirits and conquered much of a shattered and demoralized region, slaying the evil forces that plagued the small towns and settlements. It is from the bloodline of one of his chief heroes that the sprawling Royal Family of Bacrum is descended.

Most legends end with Morteus reigning over the new land until his death; at which point his Spirit companions carried him into heaven. The true end of the story has fallen out of favor and recollection in everywhere but the oldest poetic sagas. Its story is far darker, however.

According to these legends, Morteus was eventually killed fighting a powerful dragon. However, the now vastly powerful king rose from where his corpse had been thrown and hewed off the head of the dragon with a single blow. He laughed off the blow, and proclaimed to his companions that he was fine. Secretly, however, he knew the truth: Morteus had somehow cheated death. He knew also that there would be a cost.

As his skin paled and his body became more deathly, Morteus commanded his greatest companion, Fontaigne Bacrum, to take over control of the kingdom for him. He abdicated his throne as a hero and retired to supposedly pass on in peace. In reality, however, he found that, once death is cheated, it is hard to return. So, he lingered, hidden, a deathly pale ghost of a knight. He watched the kingdom he founded expand and become a noble land. In times of trouble, he issued out to defend his homeland and in time became a legendary ghost figure.

In time, however, southern barbarian attacks and a war with a race of spider creatures forced the kingdom into a state of chaos. Horrified, Morteus was forced to watch his people suffer at the hands of insurmountable foes. It was during this dark hour that the Sorrowsworn appeared before the old king. These fearsome creatures of the Shadowfell detected the presence of a being that had cheated death, and the despair he felt, and fed off of this easy target. Morteus rode out for longer and longer stretches, desperately beating back the hordes that attacked his villages. Every time he came upon another charred ruin or empty hovel the Sorrowsworn whispered louder, playing on his fears of failure. Finally, in an act of desperate passion, he killed all the Sorrowsworn who plagued him. Strangely, the weapons of the Sorrowsworn did not dissolve into dust, as normal, when he wrenched them from the hands of his fallen foes, but remained intact, sharp barbs of darkness within reality. 

Morteus used the fell blades soon after during an attack upon a small village perpetrated by orcish raiders. With their power, he easily struck down his foes. Wildness overcame him, however, and he soon had slaughtered both the attackers and nearly the entire village. A part of him quailed at what he had done, and feared the now unleashed destructive power. Another part, however, drank in the fear and suffering, growing stronger moment by moment. Driven mad by this newly sundered personality, Morteus staggered from the village. In his wake rose a horde of bitter and sobbing skeletons. These were the first Rot Harbingers, the feared legendary terror of Bacrum. Morteus now rules over these monstrosities in a cavern deep underground, where he weeps forever for his fallen glory and the destruction of his will. The blades of the Sorrowsworn, now symbiotically joined with the deathly king, feed forever upon this suffering, slowly regaining the power needed to completely usurp the will of King Morteus.